readme.md, before:

# WEBSCRP Coursework
### Academic year 2016-2017. UP780461

## Coursework Spec

Your challenge is to create a Configurable Dashboard.

You are to specify and construct this configurable dashboard using a combination of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and (optionally) PHP, and any backing store you desire (e.g. a database).

Example use cases include:
 - in the home (perhaps for helping a family see what the weather will be like, their upcoming schedule, the latest tweets from their friends, etc.), updated at appropriate intervals.
 - in an office (such as the BK first floor, where we have a flat panel for displaying information to staff and visitors).  A combination of live data from the web and various databases, stories from various sources, images and video may all need to be displayed.

Configuration of your dashboard may be achieved by editing config files, or through a Dashboard Editor created as part of your deliverable artifact – this is your choice.

Your task is to show (through your work) the extent to which you have met the learning outcomes for the unit.

The learning outcomes (as defined in the Unit Spec.) are:
1. Identify industry best practices in web application design (e.g. client, server and API layers).
2. Design a contemporary web application using industry best practices.
3. Critically evaluate the design and implementation of web applications.

[source](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YL-uOZZdTNC2h732EVLKYnk2VgowFtR6tGRPS_qzuJg/edit)

## Functions Planned
1. Recipe book, randomly selects recipe from day
  - Aims to show expertise with json, recipe stored in json files
2. Configurable budget
  - Allows for configuration with sliders and job input/loan input
  - Plan everything proportionally
  - Info saved in database. Will be configured during onboarding (?)
3. Emails
  - Readonly?
4. Weather
  - Config options:
    - F/C/K
    - City
    - Attributes
      - temp (max/min)
      - humidity
      - wind speed
      - Clouds?
      - Clear or no?
5. Reader/news parser
  - Inspired by Pocket/Feedly. We'll see how this goes
6. Todolist?
  - Because I can.
7. Optional images
  - Save source to DB
    - Reddit (and sub)
    - APOD
    - ???
  - Create loading icon
8. Time planner with timetable agenda and dynamic revision plans
  - Replace calendar hover
9. Make the UI fit the dimensions of a TV screen/dashboard/mirror(?)

## Libraries in Mind
- Express and Handlebars
  - Proved to be very helpful with Lilly Hack
- Materialize cases
  - Who needs to design CSS when this library aready does so eloquently.
- Some sort of onboarding library
  - [intro.js](http://introjs.com/)
  - [shepherd](http://github.hubspot.com/shepherd/docs/welcome/)
- SQLITE/MySQL
  - Depends on the size of the file required.

## Requirements and setup
- Because express-subdomain is hacky, you need to set up your hosts file correctly. Assuming you wish to access the application from webscrp.dev:
  - Note: should probably add this as a script in package.json
```bash
echo "127.0.0.1 webscrp.dev" >> /etc/hosts
echo "172.0.0.1 api.webscrp.dev" >> /etc/hosts
```
**THE API WILL NOT WORK UNLESS YOU COMPLETE THIS STEP**
- Firefox and Chrom**ium** are the web browsers that this has been tested to work on.
	- It's been tested on both Ubuntu and Fedora linux.

Commit message:

move util. continue work on API

readme.md, after:

# WEBSCRP Coursework
### Academic year 2016-2017. UP780461

## Coursework Spec

Your challenge is to create a Configurable Dashboard.

You are to specify and construct this configurable dashboard using a combination of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and (optionally) PHP, and any backing store you desire (e.g. a database).

Example use cases include:
 - in the home (perhaps for helping a family see what the weather will be like, their upcoming schedule, the latest tweets from their friends, etc.), updated at appropriate intervals.
 - in an office (such as the BK first floor, where we have a flat panel for displaying information to staff and visitors).  A combination of live data from the web and various databases, stories from various sources, images and video may all need to be displayed.

Configuration of your dashboard may be achieved by editing config files, or through a Dashboard Editor created as part of your deliverable artifact – this is your choice.

Your task is to show (through your work) the extent to which you have met the learning outcomes for the unit.

The learning outcomes (as defined in the Unit Spec.) are:
1. Identify industry best practices in web application design (e.g. client, server and API layers).
2. Design a contemporary web application using industry best practices.
3. Critically evaluate the design and implementation of web applications.

[source](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YL-uOZZdTNC2h732EVLKYnk2VgowFtR6tGRPS_qzuJg/edit)

## Functions Planned
1. Recipe book, randomly selects recipe from day
  - Aims to show expertise with json, recipe stored in json files
2. Configurable budget
  - Allows for configuration with sliders and job input/loan input
  - Plan everything proportionally
  - Info saved in database. Will be configured during onboarding (?)
3. Emails
  - Readonly?
4. Weather
  - Config options:
    - F/C/K
    - City
    - Attributes
      - temp (max/min)
      - humidity
      - wind speed
      - Clouds?
      - Clear or no?
5. Reader/news parser
  - Inspired by Pocket/Feedly. We'll see how this goes
6. Todolist?
  - Because I can.
7. Optional images
  - Save source to DB
    - Reddit (and sub)
    - APOD
    - ???
  - Create loading icon
8. Time planner with timetable agenda and dynamic revision plans
  - Replace calendar hover
9. Make the UI fit the dimensions of a TV screen/dashboard/mirror(?)

## Libraries in Mind
- Express and Handlebars
  - Proved to be very helpful with Lilly Hack
- Materialize cases
  - Who needs to design CSS when this library aready does so eloquently.
- Some sort of onboarding library
  - [intro.js](http://introjs.com/)
  - [shepherd](http://github.hubspot.com/shepherd/docs/welcome/)
- SQLITE/MySQL
  - Depends on the size of the file required.

## Thoughts and things learnt
- It's a great idea to move different parts to different routes.
  - I have a main route for rendering the pages
  - I have enother route for the api  
    - This has two further routes, one for configuration and one for todos.
- Node handles files weirdly. When I was working on the config part of the UI, I noticed that I couldn't write to `../../util/userconfig.json`. This is because referencing to files in node works two different ways:
  - Your requires area relative to the file that you are requiring from.
  - Writing and interfacing with another file must be done in relation to the directory that the program is _being run from_.
- Light colorschemes are much better.

## Requirements and setup
- Because express-subdomain is hacky, you need to set up your hosts file correctly. Assuming you wish to access the application from webscrp.dev:
  - Note: should probably add this as a script in package.json
```bash
echo "127.0.0.1 webscrp.dev" >> /etc/hosts
echo "172.0.0.1 api.webscrp.dev" >> /etc/hosts
```
**THE API WILL NOT WORK UNLESS YOU COMPLETE THIS STEP**
- Firefox and Chrom**ium** are the web browsers that this has been tested to work on.
	- It's been tested on both Ubuntu and Fedora linux.
